Added NeuralProphet integration (#504)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/neural_prophet/README.md

# Predicting the future with NeuralProphet

[NeuralProphet](https://github.com/ourownstory/neural_prophet) is a Neural Network based Time-Series model, inspired by [Facebook Prophet](https://github.com/facebook/prophet) and [AR-Net](https://github.com/ourownstory/AR-Net), built on PyTorch. NeuralProphet bridges the gap between traditional time-series models and deep learning methods. 

> This example show-cases how to train a `NeuralProphet` model in a ZenML pipeline. The ZenML `NeuralProphet` integration includes a custom materializer that persists the trained `NeuralProphet` model to and from the artifact store. Here, we utilize this materializer to train a model to predict the electricity consumption of a hospital.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showcases how to train a `NeuralProphet` model in a ZenML pipeline. The ZenML `NeuralProphet` integration includes a custom materializer that persists the trained `NeuralProphet` model to and from the artifact store. Here, we utilize this materializer to train a model to predict the electricity consumption of a hospital.
```
